{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2479
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red42\green44\blue46;\red249\green249\blue249;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red67\green67\blue67;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c21569\c22745\c23529;\cssrgb\c98039\c98039\c98039;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c33333\c33333\c33333;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Which topic did you choose to apply the data science methodology to?\'a0
\f1\b (2 marks)
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs26 \cf2 \cb4 \
A: Hospitals
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Next, you will play the role of the client and the data scientist.\cb1 \
\cb3 Using the topic that you selected, complete the Business Understanding stage by coming up with a problem that you would like to solve and phrasing it in the form of a question that you will use data to answer.\'a0
\f1\b (3 marks)
\f0\b0 \cb1 \
\cb3 You are required to:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Describe the problem, related to the topic you selected.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Phrase the problem as a question to be answered using data.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 For example, using the food recipes use case discussed in the labs, the question that we defined was, "Can we automatically determine the cuisine of a given dish based on its ingredients?".
\fs26 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \
A: \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb4 \strokec5 1. The hospital diagnosis a patient if he or she is HIV positive. What they have realized is that it is time consuming for the experts to read the data one by one and make a diagnosis for each patient based on the test results. There are more than hundreds of patients everyday.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\cb4 2. The hospital is wondering if they could have a classifier instead of a human expert that would read the test results from the database and make the diagnosis. It could potentially save time for the experts exponentially and improve the efficiency of the hospital's workload.\
\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Briefly explain how you would complete each of the following stages for the problem that you described in the Business Understanding stage, so that you are ultimately able to answer the question that you came up with.\'a0
\f1\b (5 marks)
\f0\b0 :\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa200\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Analytic Approach\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Data Requirements\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Data Collection\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Data Understanding and Preparation\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Modeling and Evaluation\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 You can always refer to the labs as a reference with describing how you would complete each stage for your problem.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
A:1. The analytic approach for this problem is to create a classifier that would classify whether a patient is HIV positive or not.\
2. The data requirements would need the test results of the patients.\
3. The data collection would be the actual retrieving of the data from the database of test results conducted on the patients.\
4. Once the data has been retrieved, it is vital to check for missing values and perform data cleaning on those. It is also vital to divide the dataset into training and testing for the evaluation of the model on the next step.\
5. Create a classifier model based on the training set that was created during Data Preparation and evaluate its performance on the test set.\
}